[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Bulma, Gohan, and
Krillin safely landed
on planet Namek in search
of new Dragon Balls...
Meanwhile, Vegeta
sprang back into action
and headed for Namek himself,
landing just moments
after our heroes.
Daunting though it seemed,
our heroes still had no idea
that a far greater
threat than Vegeta
was already on the scene.
Forces collide
on Namek... Now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[SURBORDINATE BONNET HEAD]
Sire, here it is!
[FRIEZA] Good. Now only
three remain to be "discovered."
[chuckles]
[FRIEZA] Hold
on to those two
as you would your
own life, Dodoria...
We aren't the only ones
searching for them, after all.
[ZARBON] Hmm...
Ah... My lord,
it would appear
that Cui has touched down in
pursuit of Vegeta as I speak.
[ZARBON] Also, the
two large power levels
I was picking up earlier...
shortly before
Vegeta's arrival,
they seem to
have disappeared.
But don't worry...
Our men are currently
combing the area
where the
readings came from...
so... in any case, we
should find them soon.
[FRIEZA] Fine. But our
main concern right now
is how best to deal with
that traitorous Vegeta
before he becomes a pest.
[ZARBON] With respect, lord,
the problem is
no problem at all.
As I said, Cui is en route to
mete out punishment right now.
Tensions have been building
between the two for years.
And considering that their
powers are so evenly matched,
however the battle pans out,
Vegeta won't emerge
from it unscathed.
[CUI] Where are
you hiding...? Ha!
[CUI] There we
are now... Ha...!
Sticking out like
a sore thumb...
A sore thumb that Frieza will
be pleased to see me chop off!
[VEGETA] Oh Cui...
Think now...
Do you really believe
you'll be the one
to take down the
likes of me...?
If so, by all means
don't hold back!
[CUI]
Hahahaha!
There's that mouth again,
trying to talk all
tough when any moron
could see the truth
by reading his scouter:
that my power
puts yours to shame!
[BULMA]
Whatever happens,
we can't just sit
here like this...
So, uh... Guess I should
let the two of you
get started on
your search--
[BULMA]
Now...
Like I said, I should be
back in a couple of months...
You boys stay
out a trouble...
[GOHAN] Heads up, guys...!
Somebody's coming!
[SUBORDINATE BLONDE]
I'd say those power levels
were comin' from
somewhere around here.
[SUBORDINATE PURPLE SKULL]
Probably one of the locals.
[BULMA]
Well, who is it?
[KRILLIN] Uh... Maybe
one of the Namekians?
[BULMA] I... I don't think
those two are native...
[SUBORDINATE BLONDE]
Hey... look.
[SUBORDINATE PURPLE SKULL]
I don't know who they are,
but they're not
from around here!
[SUBORDINATE BLONDE]
Heh heh heh heh...
Well it's not like
we gotta ask them
their names, now is it?
We have strict
orders to kill whoever
we come across on this
ball of dirt. Heh heh heh...
[BULMA] Those suits
look familiar...
[KRILLIN] They're identical
to the ones the Saiyans wore,
but these guys aren't Saiyan...
[GOHAN] Yeah,
you're right!
[KRILLIN] Eeaah...
I don't know what's going on,
but I've got a bad feelin'...
[BULMA] Yeah,
no kidding!
I mean those faces
don't exactly scream out:
"Hey, you wanna
be friends with us?"
[KRILLIN]
Gohan...
Just... charge your energy,
but keep it hidden.
Don't let 'em see
your full strength.
[GOHAN]
Okay.
[SUBORDINATE PURPLE SKULL]
What are these losers,
a bunch of
tourists or somethin'?
Their power is pathetic...
Talk about a mercy kill.
[SUBORDINATE BLONDE]
Heh heh heh heh...
First thing's first:
let's guarantee they stay put.
[SUBORDINATE PURPLE SKULL]
Sounds like a plan.
[boom]
[crash]
[KRILLIN] No...!
Those bastards!!!
[SUBORDINATE PURPLE SKULL]
Sorry, kiddos...
I guess this wasn't a good
time to go sightseeing?
[KRILLIN] Gohan...
Let your power spike...
Now! These thugs aren't
so tough after all!
[SUBORDINATE PURPLE SKULL]
Hey-hey! Did you hear that?
[SUBORDINATE BLONDE]
Not very nice.
Y'know we thugs
have feelings, too!
[SUBORDINATE BLONDE]
Wait...! What the...?!
Their power levels
are skyrocketing!
[KRILLIN] Showtime.
[GOHAN] Right!
[KRILLIN]
Heh hey! Nice moves!
[BULMA] Who cares
about your moves?!
[BULMA] What are we
supposed to do about that?
[FRIEZA]
Something troubles you...
What is it, Zarbon?
[ZARBON] Yes...
Well, my lord...
It concerns the men who
were mobilized earlier.
[ZARBON] The... uh...
two power readings
they were sent to investigate
not only reappeared,
but apparently
whoever they belong
to overwhelmed our
men before dropping
below the radar again...
[FRIEZA] Oh? Well now,
isn't that bizarre...
You're certain Vegeta's
not behind it somehow?
[ZARBON] Yes lord,
quite certain...
We're still tracking
Vegeta separately
and these read at about
fifteen-hundred each.
[FRIEZA] Ah,
fifteen-hundred, eh...?
Well... I think
we can safely let
that little mystery
sort itself out.
They're insignificant...
[FRIEZA] And...
they can be easily eliminated,
if the need arises.
[BULMA] It's hopeless...!
I'll never get back...!
I'm stuck on this heap for
the rest of my natural life!
[KRILLIN] C'mon,
Bulma, don't be like that.
Let's just focus on
getting away from here
and findin' someplace safe
before anyone
else shows up, okay?
[GOHAN] Yeah,
Krillin's right.
Those two weren't alone,
there's more of 'em out there.
And... if they're
friends of Vegeta's,
I don't think we wanna
be here to meet 'em.
[KRILLIN] This is
just a minor setback...
[GOHAN] That thing
was built here...
I'll bet the Namekians'll
fix it for us if we ask 'em.
[BULMA] Yeah, well...
What if we can't find them?
[KRILLIN]
Bulma, don't...
[VEGETA] Heh...
So you did come...
Not too smart.
[CUI] Oh, this is
so refreshing...
You have no idea
how long I've been looking
forward to this day...
Now... Whaddya say
we finally settle
the score between us
like we were meant to?
[CUI] That is...
if you're feeling up to it.
[VEGETA] As we
were meant, you say?
[chuckles]
Yes... I do believe
I'm feeling up to it...
In fact, this is
the perfect time
to showcase a few new
tricks I learned on Earth...
[CUI] What tricks?
Like running away...?
I really don't see
anything new about that...
[VEGETA] I've learned
how to conceal my power.
[CUI] What the...?
His power level is rising!
[VEGETA]
That's right...
Now remind me--
what was it you
said back there
about your power
putting mine to shame?
[CUI]
B-But... But how...?!
The two of us have always
been on par with each other!
[VEGETA] Imbecile...!
My body's been subjected
to combat situations you
could only dream of...!
The battle on Earth
nearly claimed my life!
Do you really think I'd
be on par with someone
content to hide behind
Frieza his whole career?
Yaaaahhhh...!
[CUI]
N-Nineteen, no, twenty,
no... twenty-one...
twenty-two thousand...!
[crash]
[DODORIA] What
happened, Zarbon?
[ZARBON] I'm...
not entirely certain.
A malfunction, perhaps.
I had my scouter
tuned to Vegeta,
but it just
showed a power level
of over twenty-two
thousand...
[DODORIA]
Oh, come on...
I told you you should've
upgraded your scouter
to one of the new
models like mine.
The old ones were
always glitchy...
Let me take a look.
[ZARBON]
What's your reading?
[DODORIA] Wha...?
This is impossible...
Mine must be on
the blink as well...
It's saying he's at
twenty-four thousand!
[ZARBON]
That's absurd...
Something must be
interfering with the scan;
otherwise that
means Vegeta's power
has surpassed our own...!
[DODORIA] No there's...
there's no way.
His power level was maybe
eighteen-thousand at best.
[FRIEZA]
Hahahahaha...
Hardly a surprise, if
you think about it...
We must remember that
Vegeta's been on the frontlines
for some time now...
Heh... I do believe
this Earth must have
taught our friend
a thing or two.
[ZARBON]
But, sir...
[FRIEZA] He's only at
twenty-four thousand, right?
With both your
efforts combined,
that should be child's
play; a mere exercise...
Surely the thought
doesn't trouble you?
[CUI] Wait! Just
hear me out, okay...?
I've got the craziest idea...
Whaddya say me
and you team up?
We... We could
take on Frieza...!
I mean, I don't
like the guy...!
I never liked the guy--
I was just followin'
orders! You know!
[CUI] Come on,
Vegeta...! Think...!
We could have the
whole ball of wax
all to ourselves, man...!
We can start right now
with Zarbon and Dodoria
and just work our on way up!
[VEGETA] Spare me
this pathetic display
and scrounge up some
dignity before you die!
[CUI] J-Just trust
me... Please...
[CUI] Ah!
My lord! Finally!
[VEGETA]
What?!
[CUI] Made ya
look!!! Hyaaa!
[explosions]
[explosion]
[CUI]
Huh?
Ha ha... ha ha ha...
Haha... hahahahahaha!!
[CUI] I can't believe
you actually fell
for that old gag!
Fat lot of good
all that power
did you at the
moment of truth, huh?
[VEGETA]
Really?
[VEGETA] So that
was it, then...?
I have to say,
even for you that was
a pretty dismal move.
[CUI] No...
No, it can't be!
[VEGETA] If there
was brain one
in that head of yours,
you'd have realized...
My speed is
increased as well.
[VEGETA] Which means,
unfortunately for you,
that little ruse only
succeeded in pissing me off...
[VEGETA]
Goodbye.
[boom]
[VEGETA] Cui,
I'm afraid you're fired.
[DODORIA]
Wait...
Turns out this thing wasn't
malfunctioning after all--
the reading it gave for
Vegeta was accurate...
He just beat Cui
like it was nothing...!
[FRIEZA] Even so,
it's no real concern...
For now, let's
just stay focused
on finding the
fifth Dragon Ball.
[VEGETA] The scouters
will have alerted them
to what I've done...
If by some misstep I'm careless
enough to cross their path,
I can only conceivably
handle Zarbon and Dodoria.
Frieza himself is
too much for me...
Judging by the transmissions
I've been picking up
from his henchmen, though,
the Dragon Balls
apparently only work
after you've gathered
all seven together,
which works out perfectly.
[VEGETA] I only need to find
one to disrupt his plans...
That'll prevent Frieza
from being able to use them;
meanwhile they'll uncover
the other six for me.
[VEGETA] If I
play this right,
I'll not only have Frieza's
neck under my boot--
but eternal life itself!
[SUBORDINATE RED SPOTS] I'm
picking up about ten Namekians,
lord; somewhere
in that direction.
[FRIEZA] Well, that's
perfect timing...
And wouldn't it be nice
if they just happened
to have the fifth
Dragon Ball on hand...?
Let's go see.
But stay vigilant.
[FRIEZA] We now know
Vegeta isn't the only pest
crawling around this planet.
[ALL] Sir.
[FRIEZA] Let the
games continue...
[VEGETA] With
Frieza out of the way,
I'll be uncontested...
I, Vegeta, the
Prince of all Saiyans,
will rule the universe!
[KRILLIN]
Come on, Bulma!
You gotta pick up the
pace a little bit...!
We're sittin' ducks out
in the open like this!
[panting]
[BULMA] Can't you both
just carry me and fly...?
I mean my feet are
killing me here...
[GOHAN] Believe me,
we'd love to help you...
But Krillin and
I have to stay on foot
to keep our energies hidden.
[KRILLIN]
Hey check it out...
There's a perfect
spot for us to hide
just a few more
steps up the hill.
[BULMA]
Oh... great...
So I get to spend the rest of
my days as a cave-dweller now...
[GOHAN]
Krillin!
[GOHAN] You feel any power
comin' from over there?
[KRILLIN] I do...
But it's different...
It doesn't feel like the
ones from before...
Maybe this time it'll
actually be the Namekians--
[KRILLIN]
Take cover!
There's someone else comin'
at us from that direction!
[BULMA] What do
we do...?! I...
[KRILLIN]
Bulma, get in here!
[BULMA] We're doomed,
aren't we?! I know we are!
[KRILLIN] They're
headed this way...
[GOHAN] I don't
like this...
You think they're
searching for us?
[KRILLIN]
Possibly.
Look!
[BULMA] Okay,
crisis averted...
Whatever they're
on the prowl for,
I guess it's safe
to say it's not us...
Thank our lucky stars...
But then what do you think
that was all about just now?
[BULMA] Did I
miss something...?
What's with the look?
[KRILLIN]
Bulma...
I need you to check
the Dragon Radar again.
[BULMA]
Sure... but why?
[KRILLIN] When you looked
at it when we got here...
There were four
Dragon Balls
all gathered together
in the same place...
Take a look and see
where they are right now.
[BULMA] Fine... But...
I don't see the point...
[BULMA] All four of
them are on the move...!
There's no way
that's a coincidence;
those guys who flew over
us must be carrying them!
[KRILLIN] That's
what I thought...
Why us?! Gohan.
[KRILLIN] Gohan!
[GOHAN] Yeah,
what is it?
[KRILLIN] Did you see the one
flyin' second from the front...?
More importantly,
did you sense him?
[GOHAN]
Yeah... I did...
And his power
is unbelievable.
[KRILLIN] I know...
The moment I saw
him, my heart sank.
[KRILLIN]
I think...
I think whoever
we're dealing with here
outranks Vegeta
by a long shot...
His buddies all looked
like they could do ugly
with the best of
'em, too, but...
There's no doubt in my
mind: that one's the boss.
[BULMA] But...
Seriously...?! Vegeta...?
Someone worse
than Vegeta?!
[KRILLIN]
A whole lot worse...
I think his minions are like
Vegeta's fellow officers...
They all had on the same
stupid-looking uniform...
[KRILLIN] Damn it...!
This is impossible!
How we supposed to get
the Dragon Balls away
from a crew like that?!
[BULMA]
Hang on... Look...
According to the radar,
they're moving full speed
toward another Dragon Ball...
I guess that means
they've got a radar, too.
[KRILLIN]
What's the location?
[BULMA]
That way.
It looks like it's just a
few miles away from here.
[GOHAN] And that's
where we were sensing
all that other
energy a minute ago.
Maybe that's where
the Namekians live.
[KRILLIN] Yeah... I'm
gonna go and have a look...
You guys... Stay here.
[GOHAN]
I'm going, too!
[BULMA] Hey!
You can't just take off!
I'll be all by myself
in an alien wilderness!!!
[KRILLIN] Look,
make the most of it;
you'll be way safer here
than where we're headed.
[BULMA] Fine... But that
doesn't mean I like it.
[KRILLIN] 'kay...
We'll be back soon.
[BULMA] Don't you
dare forget about me!
[KRILLIN] Alright,
little man--
go ahead and
suppress your power
so they don't see us
coming and we'll head out...
Can you do that?
[GOHAN]
Yeah!
[KRILLIN]
Good.
[BULMA]
And away they go...
I sure hope they have
some kind of plan...
Oh wait...
I've gotta call home and tell
everyone what's going on...!
[GOKU]
Really...?!
So then, Gohan and the
others made it there okay...
[ROSHI] Yes...
The journey there
was smooth sailing
the whole way... But...
As it turns out,
they aren't alone...
In fact, the place
is kinda popular...
That last Saiyan
you fought, Vegeta...
He showed up, as well.
[GOKU] Vegeta...?!
Are you kiddin' me?!
[ROSHI] Hold on,
it gets worse...
A whole gang of brutes
just like him showed up
and blasted Kami's
ship--they're stranded.
[ROSHI] Bulma tells
me there's over a
dozen of these Vegeta
knock-offs casing the planet--
each one stronger
than the next.
[GOKU] Wait! And
they're stuck there?!
[ROSHI]
'fraid so.
And the ring-leader
of the bunch
apparently has a
power level so massive
he makes the
rest look tame.
[GOKU] So you're
tellin' me... You...
You're sayin' there's someone
stronger than Vegeta...
[YAJIROBE] Hey...
You're not dead yet...
Jeeze, what's with the
long faces? Anyway...
[YAJIROBE]
The Senzu beans are ready,
but there's only a few...
Seven to be exact...
Korin told me to
give 'em to ya...
So here I am bein' your
personal delivery boy.
[GOKU]
Ha...! Great!
And your timing
couldn't be better...!
Toss one over
so I can eat one!
[GOKU'S DOCTOR]
See here...!
You can't just feed my
patient whatever he wants!
[YAJIROBE]
Heads up.
[GOKU] Man,
I've been wantin'
to tear outta this hospital
getup like nobody's business!
[GOKU] King Kai sent me
some new training gear,
but I haven't had a
chance to try it on yet...
Heh, heh...
I sure hope it fits.
[GOKU]
Nice...!
Now I guess I'm ready
to get to Planet Namek!
[GOKU] And
I better take
the rest of those Senzu
Beans, just to be safe.
[ROSHI] Not to
rain on your parade,
but how are you gonna
get to Planet Namek?
[GOKU]
Oh, that...?
When Bulma's dad
came to visit me,
I asked him to build
another spaceship
in case something
like this came up...
He's had a whole week,
so he's prob'ly got
it finished by now.
[YAJIROBE]
Wait, hold on...
he said he could build
another ship like Kami's?
[GOKU] No, that one
was built outta stuff
you can't get
here on earth,
so I doubt even
someone as smart
as Bulma's dad
could pull that off.
[ROSHI]
So... then...?
[GOKU] Well... See...
I thought about it real hard
and I realized
there were at least
two other alien
spaceships on this planet
besides the one
Kami came in...
There's the pod my
brother took to get here
so he could
try to find me
and get the place
ready for his pals...
And there's the
one I was found in...
[ROSHI] Hah!
Of course!
[GOKU] My brother's ship
got blown up pretty bad
while we were
fighting him,
but Bulma's dad
tracked down my old ship
and it turns out it was
still in decent shape!
He said it needed a few repairs
before it would fly again,
but he thought
he could do it!
He even said he'd put in
some new extras for me!
Hey! Flying Nimbus!
Alright...
Wish me luck guys!
[ROSHI]
Right.
[GOKU] Take me
to Bulma's house!
[YAJIROBE] So what's the
big hurry all 'f a sudden.
[ROSHI]
Well, y'see...
[YAJIROBE]
Huh...?!
But if he's up against
somethin' like that,
what the hell he'd have
a smile on his face for?!
Is he nuts?!
[ROSHI] Must be
that Saiyan blood
coursing through
his veins...
I mean,
helping his friends
has always been
his first concern...
But he's also
always seemed
to get a thrill out
of the challenge
of facing a
powerful opponent.
[YAJIROBE]
That Goku...
I just can't get my head
around the way he thinks...
The guy's
crazy for sure.
[GOKU] I can't
believe it...
There's actually
someone out there stronger
than the toughest
enemy I've ever faced!
[NARRATOR]
Ominous clouds hang low
over the peaceful
Planet Namek...
Will Vegeta successfully
thwart Freiza's dark designs
and win immortality
for himself...?
Or will this chilly
tyrant continue
to carve a path of destruction
towards his goal unabated?
One thing's certain, a battle
like no other awaits Goku--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey, it's me, Goku!
Man, this spaceship's a
lot bigger than I expected.
And I can get to Namek
in just six days? Awesome!
[FRIEZA] The natives here
are frustratingly willful.
But, if they wish to
fall defending each other,
I'm happy to oblige
them--young and old alike.
[GOHAN] Ugh! These
guys are so mean!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Whoa... They
all look like Piccolo...